Use jpeg source files as fallback rather than converting to png (#9010)
withastro/astro: .changeset/quiet-games-film.md

---

> "astro": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"astro": minor
```

It's not technically needed, since the component is experimental, but I'd rather have this in the minor just to avoid disturbing people by accident

---

> `<Picture />`: Use jpeg source files as their own fallback rather than using png as the fallback 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Picture />` component will now use `jpg` and `jpeg` respectively as fallback formats when the original image is in those formats. 
```
